# ASAP: Active SAmpling for Pairwise comparisons

The code contains implementation of ASAP and ASAP-approx methods. If using 
the code cite:

ASAP

This code suit includes the following methods for active sampling for 
pairwise comparisons. Each folder with an algorithm contains a readme and 
example.m files, explaining how to run the code. 

List of the implemented algorithms with the original papers is given below 
(please cite both the original and ASAP papers).


ASAP
paper

ASAP-approx
paper

ARD
ITU-R. 2016. Subjective assessment methods for 3D video quality. ITU-R 
Recommendation P.915.

Swiss-system
Ponomarenko, N.; Jin, L.; Ieremeiev, O.; Lukin, V.; Egiazarian, K.; 
Astola, J.; and Benoit. 2015. Image database TID2013: Peculiarities,
results and perspectives. Signal Processing: Image Communication 30:57 – 77

Quicksort 
Maystre, L., and Grossglauser, M. 2017. Just sort it! A simple and 
effective approach to active preference learning. In Proceedings of the 
34th International Conference on Machine Learning, volume 70, 2344–2353. 
PMLR.

Crowd-BT
Chen, X.; Bennett, P. N.; Collins-Thompson, K.; and Horvitz, E. 2013. 
Pairwise ranking aggregation in a crowdsourced setting. Proceedings of the 
Sixth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining 193–202.

HR-active
Xu, Q.; Xiong, J.; Chen, X.; Huang, Q.; and Yao, Y. 2018. Hodgerank with 
information maximization for crowdsourced pairwise ranking aggregation. 
Proceedings of the Thirty-Second AAAI Conference on Artificial 
Intelligence, (AAAI-18) 4326–4334.

Hybrid-MST
Li, J.; Mantiuk, R.; Wang, J.; Ling, S.; and Le Callet, P. 2018. Hybrid-mst: 
A hybrid active sampling strategy for pairwise preference aggregation. 
NIPS, 31st Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems

TS-sampling
Minka, T.; Cleven, R.; and Zaykov, Y. 2018. Trueskill 2: An improved 
bayesian skill rating system. Technical Report MSRTR-2018-8, Microsoft.

Peng
Ye, P., and Doermann, D. 2014. Active sampling for subjective image quality 
assessment. In 2014 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern 
Recognition, 4249–4256.







